Fix for issue #66: anon.utils.fake_username may enter an infinite loop during short username generation (#67)
Tesorio/django-anon: CHANGELOG.rst

master
~~~~~~

> * Add regression test and apply fix for fake_username infinite loop condition

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed an infinite loop condition in ``fake_username`` when using the default empty separator
```
